Step	NPC_Var1	NPC_Var2	NPC_Var3	Opt0_Text	Val0	Opt1_Text	Val1	Opt2_Text	Val2	Opt3_Text	Val3
0	Your profile picture gives off major avoidant attachment style energy. I need someone who can hold space for me.	I'm sensing a deeply disorganized attachment from your bio. Are you currently doing the work to heal your inner child?	Just based on how you text, I can tell you have an insecure-avoidant attachment. I only date securely attached men.	I don't know what that means.	1	You're projecting your own insecurities onto a stranger.	2	My attachment style is 'out of your league'.	3	My inner child thinks your inner child is a loser.	4
1	I need to set a boundary right now. You aren't matching my emotional labor and it's highly triggering.	I'm establishing a firm boundary. I will not carry the mental load for this conversation while you give nothing.	Your lack of communication is crossing a boundary. I require active emotional labor from my partners.	Sounds like a lot of work.	1	You're being overly sensitive about a dating app chat.	2	I'm not reading all that, congratulations or sorry that happened.	3	I'm billing you $200 an hour for reading these messages.	4
2	Stop trying to gaslight me! You are completely invalidating my lived experience right now.	The way you're speaking to me is textbook gaslighting. My lived experience is valid, regardless of your opinion.	Are you gaslighting me right now? Because it feels like you're actively dismissing my emotional reality.	I literally didn't say anything.	1	Gaslighting isn't real, you made that up because you're crazy.	2	Your lived experience sounds incredibly boring.	3	I'm not gaslighting you, I'm gatekeeping and girlbossing you.	4
3	Your toxic behavior is activating my trauma response. I am actively being triggered by your words.	You are triggering a severe trauma response in my body. I need you to take accountability for your impact.	My fight-or-flight is activated. Your aggressive communication style is a massive trigger for my past trauma.	Just take a deep breath.	1	You're responsible for your own triggers, don't blame me.	2	Good, I hope it ruins your whole week.	3	Trigger warning: I'm about to call you ugly.	4
4	You are displaying severe narcissistic tendencies. You literally lack the capacity for cognitive empathy.	It's giving covert narcissist. You center yourself in every interaction and have zero emotional intelligence.	I am dealing with a textbook malignant narcissist. You are completely devoid of basic human empathy.	Okay, whatever you say.	1	You just call everyone you don't like a narcissist.	2	I'm a narcissist because I'm actually better than you.	3	I have plenty of empathy, I just don't want to waste it on a mid-tier match.	4
5	My nervous system is completely dysregulated right now because of your toxic energy.	You have pushed me out of my window of tolerance. My nervous system is in a state of absolute dysregulation.	I am physically shaking. Your refusal to do the work has completely dysregulated my somatic baseline.	Maybe drink some water.	1	You're acting hysterical over absolutely nothing.	2	Go take a Xanax and leave me alone.	3	Have you tried turning your nervous system off and on again?	4
6	Don't you dare use toxic positivity on me! You are deflecting from doing the shadow work!	This is classic deflection. You refuse to integrate your shadow self and resort to toxic positivity instead.	Stop avoiding the root wound! Your toxic positivity is just a defense mechanism to avoid real vulnerability!	I'm just chilling.	1	You're the one deflecting from the fact that you're unhinged.	2	My shadow self thinks you're an insufferable loser too.	3	Good vibes only! ✨ Live Laugh Love! ✨	4
7	I am choosing to protect my peace. You are an energy vampire and I am blocking you to preserve my healing journey.	For the sake of my mental health, I am enforcing a no-contact boundary. Enjoy staying unhealed. BLOCKED.	I am releasing you from my energetic field to protect my peace. Have fun repeating your karmic cycles. Goodbye.	Finally.	1	You were the toxic one the whole time.	2	Enjoy dying alone with your therapy worksheets.	3	My therapist said you're clinically insane anyway! Bye!	4 4