Step	NPC_Var1	NPC_Var2	NPC_Var3	Opt0_Text	Val0	Opt1_Text	Val1	Opt2_Text	Val2	Opt3_Text	Val3
0	I just pulled the Tower card while looking at your profile. Are you harboring dark entities?	My tarot deck literally jumped out of my hands when I matched with you. What kind of toxic energy are you hiding?	I was doing a reading and pulled the Death card for us. Explain your negative attachments right now.	I don't know what that means.	1	It's literally just a piece of cardboard.	2	I am the dark entity.	3	Pull another one, best two out of three.	4
1	I'm lighting sage right now. Go burn some palo santo, your texts are lowering my frequency.	You are ruining my aura through the phone. I need you to physically cleanse your screen with moon water.	My vibrational frequency is dropping just talking to you. Light an incense immediately.	I don't have any of that stuff.	1	Sage smells like burnt weed.	2	Your aura was weak to begin with.	3	I just sprayed some Axe body spray, does that count?	4
2	What time were you born? I need to run your chart to see why your energy is so jagged.	Tell me your exact birth minute. I need to know your rising sign to understand this chaotic behavior.	I literally cannot speak to you until I have your birth certificate. Call your mom right now.	Like, morning I think?	1	Astrology is just space racism.	2	I'm a toxic trait rising.	3	I lied about my age on here anyway.	4
3	My amethyst crystal literally just cracked in half. You are emitting toxic masculine frequencies.	My rose quartz turned black the second you texted back. Your heart chakra is completely dead.	My pendulum is spinning violently. The spirits are screaming at me to run from you.	Sorry about your rock.	1	You probably bought a fake one on Temu.	2	That's exactly the frequency I was aiming for.	3	Superglue it, I don't care.	4
4	My black cat is hissing at my phone screen. Animals can sense evil.	My familiar just scratched me when I opened your message. You are cursed.	My cat literally threw up on my altar because of your vibes. Explain yourself.	Your cat is just weird.	1	Take it to the vet instead of texting me.	2	I'm more of a dog guy anyway.	3	Tell the cat I said pspsps.	4
5	I am writing your name on a bay leaf right now. You are going to burn.	I'm getting a jar and some rusty nails. You have no idea what you just started.	I am literally collecting graveyard dirt for a hex jar with your name on it.	Please don't do that.	1	Magic isn't real, grow up.	2	Make sure you spell my name right.	3	Jokes on you, my ex already hexed me.	4
6	I just sent screenshots to my coven. We are doing a group banishing ritual tonight.	My sisters are coming over. We are casting a circle specifically to ruin your life.	The entire coven agrees you are a psychic vampire. The ritual starts at midnight.	That seems like an overreaction.	1	You and your friends have too much free time.	2	Do I get to watch the ritual or what?	3	Ask the coven if any of them are single.	4
7	YOU ARE BLOCKED. ENJOY YOUR KARMIC DEBT. I AM MANIFESTING YOUR DOWNFALL.	HAVE FUN WITH YOUR TERRIBLE KARMA. THE PLANETS ARE ALIGNING TO DESTROY YOU. ENJOY YOUR SATURN RETURN, IT IS GOING TO RUIN YOU.	I BIND YOU FROM DOING HARM. BLOCKED.	Cool, bye.	1	Take your rocks with you.	2	My downfall still pays more than your tarot readings.	3	Manifest me a sandwich while you're at it.	4